### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
--PostgreSQL is a ORM, used for making databases aswell as handling their relations
- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
--SQL is the language, PostgreSQL is an RDBMS.
- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
-- from the terminal you can type 'psql (db name)' or when in psql you can (\c db name)
- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
-- HAVING determines which groups to keep, WHERE determines which rows to use
- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
--INNER joins get only the rows that match the condition in both tables. OUTER joins will find a row in one table when there are no matches in the other table
- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
--LEFT OUTER join will grab all rows from the first(left) table and combine them with the matching rows form the second table(right) and vice versa for RIGHT OUTER
- What is an ORM? What do they do?
--ORM stand for object relational mapper and is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented paradigm.
- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
--the main difference is in how the client responds to the request. with an AJAX request the current window is unaffected and the code can examine the request and do what it wants to the page. with server side requests, it will clear the current window and load a brand new one that was requested
- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
-- A cross-site request forgery token is generated by the server and attached to a form for the purpose of handling authentication in when, where and who made the form request. it helps to stop malicious actors from injecting code you dont want in your server thorugh forms
- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
-- it helps to hide your CSRF token on the form and any other sensitive information yoyu may want hidden.